hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so I've been using the galaxy s7
edge as my daily driver for a little bit
over a week and want to share some
thoughts with you about what I really
loved about the phone and other things I
didn't like as much so first I really
like the design and build there's a
slight curve on the back it's easier to
hold on last year's Galaxy devices
visually the difference is subtle but
when you hold it it's noticeably more
comfortable the camera bump has been
flattened a bit it's still not flush and
the hump last year wasn't ever a big
issue for me but this is nicer it has
Gorilla Glass 5 which is supposedly
better than Gorilla Glass 4 but I
scratched my screen on the 3rd day I
don't even know how I did it at first I
thought it was keys in my pocket but I
tested it it wasn't the keys it might
have been like a piece of sand or
something but whatever it was the screen
can still be scratched so protect it if
you care about scratches the same thing
goes for the back it'll scratch if
you're not careful and it's slippery so
get a skin for it this one's from D
brand I'll link it in the description so
they have SD cards again and I've really
missed this feature but not only their
SD support but unlike what they
originally said in their press release
you can totally install apps on the card
you can just transfer it over if you
remove the card the apps installed on
the card just get grayed out the rear
camera is a beast it's a 12 megapixel
I've shot a lot of photos on this thing
over the past week and I think it shoots
a little better than the iPhone 6s and
the Nexus 6p so it's faster to focus
equally good and bright light and much
better in low-light the photos look
great and I think this really deserves
the camera crown right now but if you're
wondering whether or not it's worth
upgrading from a 2015 flagship to the s7
for just the camera like unless you're
shooting a ton of low-light photos
probably not because the 2015 camera
Kings are still pretty close it has a
five and a half inch quad HD AMOLED
panel and Samsung phones often have the
best displays they have the best
contrast but viewing angles energy
efficiency they're brighter and more
visible in sunlight and even like the
best color accuracy so the default
setting again is crazy oversaturated to
make it pop out in stores but if you put
it on basic mode the color accuracy is
bang-on the always-on feature is also
pretty cool
just put the time or the calendar up on
the screen when the device is sleeping
and it doesn't seem to drain batteries
very much
I found the dual edge display on the s6
edge a little gimmicky and on the s7
edge there's more customization but I
still don't find it super useful it is
really cool looking though it's ip68
dust and water resistant and having a
water-resistant phone is nice it's not a
big deal but it's one less thing you
need to worry about if you're ever in
the rain or if you drop your phone in
the toilet like we've all done that
right okay yeah me neither the s7 comes
in two processor variants so the one I'm
running here is the Snapdragon 820 four
gigs of ram and it's supposably vapor
cooled it's very fast but when you
compare to other flagship devices right
now it's not a huge jump in speed so
obviously the 820 is going to benchmark
faster than an 8/10 and if I'm trying to
find a difference between them
yeah the s7 is a little bit faster but
when I'm using it in my day to day all
three of these devices feel super fast
now thermally the s7 does way better
than the Nexus 6p the 60 always ran a
little hot and it throttled down because
of it but the s7 stays as cool as the
iPhone 6s it's a really fast processor
with excellent thermals it's got a beefy
3600 milliamp hour battery and with very
heavy use I was comfortably lasting a
full day with around four and a half
hours of screen on time it's a nice
change over the s6 devices with more
normal use the battery lasted a day and
a half with screen on time closer to 6
hours it still uses micro USB I kind of
wish Samsung used the s7 to speed up
USBC adoption around the world but
microUSB is still cool the phone also
supports fast adaptive charging and of
course it has wireless charging ok on to
a couple things that I don't like first
the speaker so just to be clear this is
a loud speaker not the earpiece it's on
the bottom again and it's not a great
position it's like the iPhone where you
need to cup it to hear stuff better and
it's a single speaker so you lose that
immersion when you're playing games or
you're watching videos now a lot of
people won't notice or even care about
speaker quality but I can seem a good
chunk of my media on my phone and
compared to the Nexus 6p the audio
output here is really too
and lastly the thing that I dislike the
most about the phone is TouchWiz I like
my stuff clean so I'm a stock OS kind of
guy
I love stock Android I love stock iOS
but TouchWiz comes with a ton of
features that are completely useless to
me and I know I can route it or run
launchers to hide TouchWiz like I'm
running a material theme that kind of
masks it and I'm using deep loader to
turn a bunch of things off but these
apps are still eating up storage and it
just kills me that I'm carrying around
dozens of apps and features that I'll
never use and I can't uninstall but
that's just me one nice thing is that
the RAM management is much improved the
s6 would aggressively close apps when
they weren't in use but this time around
I don't really notice it okay the
Samsung s7 edge fantastic material
choices and build quality a very premium
phone awesome looking screen covered in
Gorilla Glass 5 but it can still scratch
the rear facing camera is arguably the
best on smartphones right now inside
we're rockin 32 gigs of storage that's
expandable with microSD it's got a
super-fast
Snapdragon 820 with 4 gigs of RAM a big
3600 milliamp hour battery that'll
easily last you a day or more all this
any water-resistant package ok so the
phone is awesome and aside from TouchWiz
and the speaker I would consider it
nearly perfect for everything I'm
looking for in a smart phone but here's
the thing
tons of people use TouchWiz and love it
and I'm a firm believer that if you use
something for long enough you can learn
to appreciate it and like it as well so
because the hardware is as good as it is
that's what I'm going to do I'm going to
force myself to use TouchWiz and see if
I can get on board this train that's any
of this video hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you liked it
subsequent it it's been nice I'll see
you guys next time